In your own words, describe what each group of status code represents:

100's = everything so far is OK and that the client should continue with the request or ignore it if it is already finished 
200's =the request has succeeded 
300's = he request has more than one possible responses 
400's = the server cannot or will not process the request due to something that is perceived to be a client error 
500's =  the server encountered an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request. 


What is a status code 202?  the request has been accepted for processing, but the processing has not been completed 

What is a status code 308? the resource requested has been definitively moved to the URL given by the Location headers 

What code would you use if an update didn't return data to a client? 204  

What code would you use if a resource used to exist but no longer does? 404 

What is the 'Forbidden' status code? HTTP 403  

Why do we need to pull our MongoDB database string out of our server and put it into our .env? because it may has Confidential info

What is middleware?software that provides common services and capabilities to applications outside of what's offered by the operating system.
What does app.use(express.json()) do?parses incoming JSON requests and puts the parsed data in req 
What does the /:id mean in a route? it's a dynamic route 
What is the difference between PUT and PATCH?The PATCH method is the correct choice here as you're updating an existing resource - the group ID. PUT should only be used if you're replacing a resource in its entirety. 
How do you make a default value in a schema?adding your schema's defaults to a MongoDB $setOnInsert operator 
What does a 500 error status code mean?the server encountered an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request 
What is the difference between a status 200 and a status 201?A 201 status code indicates that a request was successful and as a result, a resource has been created 





